Here are the definitions of the terms of the song structure which are used as labels for this research. Please refer the definitions below to replicate the research.

INTRO
This is the initial segment of the song where a listener gets introduced to the song. If the segment is equal to or more than 32 beats long, it usually contains simple chord progressions and/or drum beats with snares and/or kicks that are "4 on the floor" or according to the song genre. If the entire song is around five minutes long or longer, the intro usually is 32 beats long or 64 (it could be even longer with a longer song). If the song is shorter, intro could be 8 beats long or there may be no intro, which the song starts right away from verse

VERSE
After intro, the new segment is usually verse (there can be a break between intro and verse which is described later). There could be multiple verses with different musical features in one song, but verse usually starts after intro and ends before either build-up or drop. Usually 32 beats is one block, but verse can repeat itself or have multiple verses with different musical features. In the case of repetition, the verse is counted as one segment, and in the case of different verses, the verses are counted as separate.

BUILD-UP
This segment is always before the drop, but not all EDM songs have build-up. It contains a lot of risers as well as drums that have increasing beats within the section. The listener feels the energy is being uplifted and the song will enter its drop (chorus) right after build-up.

DROP
This is the main segment of the song with the largest sounds and with the most complexed part of the song. It usually has the largest number of different sounds, containing synthesized sounds, drums, piano or pluck sounds, that represent the whole song. The energy level as well as sound level are the highest here.

BREAK
Break usually is a short segment which is 8 beats long (it could be 4 or 16 beats), and happens between intro and verse or drop and the following verse. It could be also called bridge, and functions as a bridge between such segments.